(a) Does the approach offer any security benefits? If so, what are they? Are there any other benefits
that could result from using the system?


This SDN approach offers increased security in that it abstract out the true IP addresses of both the client and web server
hosts. By reassigning all traffic in the client-web_server connection to use only virtual IPs that are reused between different
connections, both the client and web-server's true identities are kept hidden. Any "on path adversaries" that intercept the traffic
would not be able to discern who the client was, nor the true IP of the web server. This gives the client added anonymity, and also
puts less trust on the client (in case they are malicious) by not giving the client the true IP of the server.

The SDN assigning and validating virtual IPs also allows the network administrator to custom tailor how secure the system should be
and in what ways validation should be checked. In our case, we built the system to validate virtual IPs if they were requested and
approved through normal DNS requests, and they only remained valid for as long as the DNS request was valid, ensuring that
clients would have to obey DNS TTLs or they would be denied access to the server.

This system also makes spoofing of IPs more difficult, for example, if a DNS request was made from a valid client
(say for example IP 63.72.61.67),that client isn't "validated" but is rather given the valid virtual IP,
(say for example, IP 73.68.75.65) so a malicious client would not be able to connect to the web server
by simply spoofing the valid client IP.

The validation credentials and schema could easily be adapted to whatever needs a network administrator may need, to list just
a few examples:
- Virtual IPs would be assigned and deemed valid if they were requested by a client in a known white-list
- Virtual IPs would be assigned and deemed valid under certain conditions (time of day, state of internal systems, etc)
- Traffic deemed invalid or malicious could be given virtual IPs that are not marked as "valid" by the system,
which could result in the malicious client either not being given access or even being directed to a HoneyPot Server or other
system.
- Etc...


(b) The IPNL paper described a strong concerns about network address translation. Do these same
concerns apply to the NAT approach implemented in Phase 4? Why or why not?


The main concerns on NAT of the IPNL paper were 1) Hosts behind NAT are not globally addressable over the internet, 2) NAT complicates
scalability as applications have to take into account the many different deployments of NAT.

Each problem is complex, but in a way Phase 4's approach has addressed the first problem. Under this system, the client and web
server are both still globally addressable, as they have their true IP addresses, 10.61.17.1 and 10.61.17.3. The NAT aspect
and address translation only comes into play when communication between the two is happening and being validated.

The second concern is not directly addresses by Phase 4's implementation. The concern with scalability has to do with both the
lack of IPv4 address space (which Phase 4 of course doesn't solve) and with the complexity of taking multiple NAT deployments
into account when developing applications. If multiple networks were to implement the system we have in Phase 4, this could still
be a concern based on how differently each network is implemented and what expectation are placed on the client, but in general
if the system was engineered cleanly this would be less of a concern than in traditional NAT, as all implementation specific
procedures happen at the controller level. As long as the implementation followed the same formula of workflow, then the implementation
should not complicate things for applications.


(c) What implications would this end-host OpenFlow/NAT approach have on a network like WPI’s?
When two machines on the LAN communicate, what would we expect to happen? What about
when these machines communicate with off LAN systems?


The implementation of such a system on WPI's network would need fine tuned and careful engineering. Given the limited IP space WPI owns,
decisions would have to be made about how to create virtual IP pools for different machines (both client and host) so as to
not waste IP space and not run out of IP space. Whether that entails having one network-wide pool of all unused IPs in our address
space or creating sub-pools based on department, usage, or users. The initial TCP connection/DNS resolution of clients would also
likely gain significant overhead (as seen in our analysis), as significant additional computation is added to the connection initiation.

Two machines on LAN may well just act normally if they have ethernet information on one another and communicate using only MAC addresses
instead of IP addresses, this does not exactly apply in every circumstance however, depending on the type of communication like DNS.

Machines communicating on off LAN systems would likely experience the previously mentioned additional latency on initial connection,
but after that see similar performance to a traditional network.